oh ooh ooh and so hello all friends
today we look at such a kinder
surprise, in my opinion there is even a toy
very cool look like he
it looks like a whole present
here it costs about 200 rubles
my 200 with something even here is
call Santa Claus Santa Claus
want to look very nice here
holds the egg and there it was written
about the toy look here by
my so shaped milk chocolate
dairy surprise shorter okay so
let's open let's see what it is
in general, I have never seen such people before
and now we will open with you and
see what it is like right
open then oh well let's begin
right here let's go straight a
here it is, then dear here all of
chocolate completely
whole grandfather frost was completely out
chocolate to
to the inside there is still some sort of toy
The series may be really New Year ’s
some sort of well here let's look at
him that it is generally so better
open
oh damn how then opened
Pomelenechka broke here on
chocolate crumbled on crumbled
and we have a capsule like this
Now let's see what this series
This is generally some way or some
this area and because here if a girl
let's look first at the liner I
I don't know what it is
such a series can not tell you right away
New Year's series we came across this
here's a cool on this New Year's Eve
we already have such a hedgehog and this here
such here and so let's look at
it is closer to her
Looks cool damn look
it means most likely there is one hundred percent
comes across a serial toy like me
it seems because it would be very
probably a shame to buy for that kind of money
here here so paste what is
leave a star like this
something to us does not fly out to something to something
we do not crash so now
it must all be a little star
crashes now and she has something like that
here is the rope that is inserted to her
here's to the head so that you can to a
I understand why Christmas toys with these
so that they can be hung on the Christmas tree
what a braked and so here you are
insert tie and it will be possible
hang somewhere
very cool series I like
it means you will need to buy
more toys and made than releases such
I guess I will not buy more
pretty
I just did not know what it is all
saw decided to buy here more expensive
it is better to buy a separate Christmas kinder
and at least there are repetitions, but here was
the hedgehog now has this fishing rod and
let's look at not
Take a closer look at the other contribution articles .
countries ukhty she glows
the role is cool very interesting and this one and
Type as a stencil from this asterisk well
okay let's go to her closer in
overall look scroll so look
what a beauty
this series is just awesome not yet
after this figure even more you
like new year's series need
sure to be release with
eggs 2 because in 1 there are only three eggs
there was one figure from the series with a hedgehog
now here's a duck
which I like very much and everything
This is a very cool series.
like both 40 years and now new year
very cool toys and this one. also
very cool i like you hope you
also like it because the truth is very
cool beautiful and cute toys straight
cool I do not know whether I will be bound
Hedgehog untied I tied on whether I
Christmas tree hang them I do not know maybe
vogah dance show later closer to the new
year meanwhile so here so well
probably meaning to go to what
the next part is not there because only
one toy let's finish here
Thank you all for watching the likes
waiting for new videos and all while you were
I am such a miracle
and by the way this is a duck in general probably .
rather like a bait, that's all
until